hey what's going on guys my name is Eric
order has arisen welcome back to yet
another brand new episode of gta5 stunt
challenge so in today's episode I'm
gonna be trying to do a stunt with the
hydro which I've never used before so
it's going to be quite an interesting
episode but before I continue with my
stunts we're first going to take a look
at some of the best clips I got sent it
from lost episodes stunts challenged so
yeah let's go take a look at those clips
right now
okay there we go so thanks to everybody
for sending in your stunts so as I said
today we're gonna be doing a stunt with
the hydro which I've never used before
so we're gonna have to see how this goes
and basically this stunt we're going to
be doing is right over here so let me go
in and show you guys so basically we
want to do a 360 hover spin through that
red bridge and I have no idea why I'm
pointing at the screen because well you
guys can't see it but yes that is what
we're gonna be doing and yes it is going
to be quite a difficult stunt so first
off I'm gonna have to do some training
okay so think you go into her mode by
pressing right on the d-pad yep that's
right and that is about everything that
I will need to know a thing so let's
start off by this doing a spin right
here so we want to go down enter our
mode then do a 360 deals like this while
going through that red bridge right over
there so think that we're ready to get
the stunt a first try okay guys here we
go so we are approaching the bridge
let's try and slow down a bit we don't
want to be going too fast let's see
let's activate the horror mode and start
turning oh oh oh oh oh can we do it
first try whoo that was actually kind of
close we almost made it we made it like
70% of the ways that I was actually
really really close for the first try
let's see if we can do it just as good
on the second try so let's see here I
slowed down a bit
enter hover mode start turning yes yes
yes to make it and we crash on the same
spot again
god damn it okay so we need to go a bit
lower I think that is our problem at the
moment but we're really really close
already and we're going to be trying for
like two or three times so that is
actually really good
random stunts and random Stan random
start here we go here we go we almost
made it that was actually kinda nice
okay so I really want to hit this
freaking stunt right now even though
this is not even a stunt for the episode
it's still a pretty nice stunt so let's
see if we can actually make this come on
let's go down it's got bit slower this
time maybe this is not slow this it's
not slow Jeremy get No okay so I'm gonna
pretend like I know exactly what I'm
doing so I'm gonna go upside down here
we go
great who dislike that I just freaking
hit it well I crashed afterwards but
still that was actually a really nice
stunt as well but oh well let's continue
with the original stunt so let's see
here let's turn on the hover and start
turning here we go
no no this is not gonna work or is it
now let's see if we can get just as
lucky with the bridge stunt as well so
let's see here I don't think that we
want to go too fast so let's turn off
the engine and activate the hover here
we go start rotating perfect perfect go
down a bit and we went too high keep
hovering keep hovering
yeah we made it
that was the most unclean stunt I have
ever seen let's try that again it didn't
take me too long to like learn how to
fly this thing because I think that I've
only been using it for about and I think
20 minutes now so yeah but don't feel
like I'm doing that bad with it anyways
let's see if we can hit the stump this
time so let's try a bit lower and it's
activated about here
start turning perfect perfect yes yes
we're gonna dragon ate it bro we were so
freaking close for some reason I started
turning the other way instead of doing a
360 but I was actually really close and
I think that we still need to fly way
slower because we're going too fast
through the tunnel so we don't actually
have enough time to perform a full 360
so let's slow down a bit over here we go
not going too fast this time so let's
start spinning here we go go down damn
it
here we go there we go there we go there
we go there we go and full 360 we hit it
guys
it wasn't the fastest 360 in the world
but we still made it through with a nice
spin so yeah it was actually a really
successful stunt so let's see if we can
do it back-to-back so let's see let's
turn around let's try and do it from
this direction as well let's see here
let's start spinning can we do it back
to back can we do it back to back yep we
kind of failed but yes we finally
managed to hit these stunts - actually -
pretty nice stunts in today's episode
see if you guys did enjoy the video that
makes sure to give it a big thumbs up
and this down channel for you guys will
also be to do a hydro start and make
sure to Adam sent in by next Saturday
for a chance to be featured in the
episode and yeah that's gonna be it for
today so I'll see you guys later so
until then take care and let's drop that
beat
you